Update CNAME target to docs.mintlify.builders (#5642)
mintlify/docs: customize/custom-domain.mdx

2. Create a new DNS record with the following values:

```text
CNAME | docs | cname.mintlify.builders
```

<Tip>
  Each domain provider has different ways to add DNS records. Refer to your domain provider's documentation for specific instructions.
</Tip>

<Warning>

>   If you are migrating an existing domain and want zero downtime, add the verification `TXT` records before updating your `CNAME`, then wait until SSL/TLS certificates are pre-provisioned before cutting over. Switching the `CNAME` before certificates are issued causes HTTPS requests to fail until provisioning completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you migrate an existing domain and want zero downtime, add the verification `TXT` records before updating your `CNAME`. Then wait until SSL/TLS certificates pre-provision before cutting over. Switching the `CNAME` before certificates are issued causes HTTPS requests to fail until provisioning completes.
```
